# Code of conduct #

coq-community members are committed to maintaining a welcoming, civil and
constructive environment. We expect the following standards to be observed and
upheld by all participants in any coq-community forum (GitHub, Zulip, etc.).

**Be respectful and inclusive.** Please do not use overtly sexual language or
imagery, and do not attack anyone based on any aspect of personal identity,
including gender, sexuality, political views, religion, ethnicity, race, employment status,
age or ability. Keep in mind that what you write in public forums is read by
many people who don’t know you personally, so please refrain from making
prejudiced, sexual or political jokes and comments – even ones that you might
consider acceptable in private. Ask yourself if a comment or statement might
make someone feel unwelcomed or like an outsider.

**Give credit.** All participants in coq-community are expected to respect
copyright laws and ethical attribution standards. This applies to both code and
written materials, such as documentation or blog posts. Materials that violate
the law, are plagiaristic, or ethically dubious in some way will be removed
from officially-maintained lists of resources.

If you believe one of these standards has been violated, please either file an
issue on an appropriate repository, or contact any member of coq-community (at
your discretion). Keep in mind that most mistakes are due to ignorance rather
than malice.

**Be concise.** Constructive criticism and suggestions are welcome, but
high-traffic forums do not generally have the bandwidth for extensive
discourse. Consider writing a blog post if you feel that you have enough to say
on a particular subject.

**Get involved.** coq-community is built on a foundation of reciprocity and
collaboration. Be aware that coq-community members contribute on a voluntary
basis, so ideas and bug reports are ok, but demands are not. Pull requests are
always welcomed – see the [guidelines for contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) to
read about how to get started.

This code of conduct is adapted from the [Idris Community Standards][idris]
which are themselves adapted from the [Julia Community Standards][julia]
released under the [MIT licence][license].

[idris]: https://www.idris-lang.org/documentation/community-standards/
[julia]: https://julialang.org/community/standards/
[license]: http://idris-lang.org/julia/LICENSE.md
